Workflow Sophos Central with Microsoft Teams (#291)
rapid7/insightconnect-workflows: Blacklist_Hash_with_Sophos_Central_from_Microsoft_Teams/help.md

# Description

> This workflow blacklists a SHA256 globally with Sophos Central via Microsoft Teams command and reports information back to Microsoft Teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blacklist a SHA256 hash globally with Sophos Central via Microsoft Teams command and report information back to Microsoft Teams.
```
